it is basically a fish - so that further
adue bit difficult here because this is
a busy kitchen and they are working some
freshly made but uncooked tomato sauce
some fish stock finely chopped onions
carrots a wonderful Frisco Bay fresh
crab soulful it's fresh prawns clams
garlic thyme basil red pepper parsley
olive oil and over here there is a
saucepan so in we go with a little bit
of oil frying it maximum there small
handful of parrots in usual basic
Trinity of making things you know onions
garlic tomatoes we've seen it throughout
America these three important
ingredients of peppers and let them
soften down and sweat down fresh tomato
but uncooked that's Jan working away
behind me he's the head chef into that I
didn't make this fish stock but you know
the deal up to here for second Clyde
fish heads tails bones water bay leaf
onion carrot blue stuff like that's some
of the way for 20 minutes or so and also
don't forget always a good tip this is
the kind of stuff you can freeze and ice
cubes in your deep freeze so that when
you want to do this kind of dish the
stock is walking on hand okay good right
one of those say we needed this we need
some white fish next so Phillips here
okay so we want to make this rich and
luxurious cuz we are in California after
all so we're gonna whack a lot of that
in okay
then through that fight for second race
mushrooms we know Charlotte white wine
is in the juice and we got issues with
them lovely right unstability
head rings on in there because there's
no point pretending that this is a setup
shot I mean this is a working kitchen
they are serving 400 meals over this
lunchtime right now and as usual Floyd
you're being a nuisance anyway my dual
spices and herbs can go in red chili
pepper make a little bit spicy fresh
basil to give it that lovely
Mediterranean flavor even though in
California and some ground thyme I
personally would like to use fresh thyme
there we are also a load of lovely fresh
chopped parsley the clams are beginning
to open the whitefish is being to be
cooked for week and then I think we
should add a little drop of white wine
to me first of all always check it's
good enough to cook with and it is spy
drink here let's offer that in there and
then ultimately our craft fresh risk of
a crab claws in they go
so prawns crabs fairies dobut that one
our similar way for about 15 minutes
next time you said I'll be conducting
one of my brilliant off-the-cuff
interviews about fruity passion love and
tenderness about food on the west coast